so guys so if you get and welcome to
episode 7 of nuking zombies as you can
see I've got a couple of people I
usually invite people from Twitter um
obviously if I do invite you I'll be
talking my life calms but after that you
know hang out play a couple of games
stuff Oh play a few games you know if
you ever want to come play with me I do
invite people from Twitter and it will
be in the description will doing this to
get more followers it's like people keep
us here like we would be doing like open
lobbies will that kind of stuff like
when it when I usually post a video of
an open lobby um I get spammed like
crazy on xbox and obviously not everyone
can get in or is if I do it from Twitter
and you know it's it's different kind of
thing that makes any sense I did I how
it is but kind of is so if you do
actually want to come play like a game
or girl at a few games would be or
something follow me on twitter night I
do invite people regularly and I have
like I haven't um I believe I'll call ya
we ought to be a friend all that kind of
stuff um and I do you know there are a
few people are my friends is to have
actually like you know me friends are
from open lobbies or from you know
Twitter or something so is it does give
you chance you know become friends with
me and get to know me and all that kind
of stuff yeah playing some infected
again obviously because it's new consume
these series and yeah i'm using the
Barrett let's fuck shit up and
it wasn't really a place you could stay
on this map I mean you can stay up late
up there to the left a bit but it
doesn't seem to work most of the time so
I'm just gonna kind of stay around this
bit um don't know if he's gonna join me
he'd join me we good okays gonna place
participate there ok it's good ok fair
enough please pass the bays with each
other I did that once I with a c4 I
threw out some one life why I picked it
up and I didn't and I went to go like
press it again I kind of blew myself up
and that's not fun oh really wasn't fun
um yeah it's time to destroy people with
my amazing sniping skills yeah you're
jealous of my amazing sniper skills cuz
i would be i'd be so jealous I mean look
at them oh shit absolutely amazing as
you can tell um we're about to get
absolutely butt fucked a guy who just
goes flying ok let's pick up some ammo I
really need to get quick draw like
really there we go now we're on a rope
open up how hurt that works so well yeah
don't do that tactics that tactic socks
unless you'd get a sniping I mean if you
get a sniper you're pretty good you're
absolutely amazing of this kind of you
know game tight but you know if you suck
that you kind of screwed unless use your
um we've gone let's use your a blow your
mind and power no let's use your own
pistols but anyway seems less he'll take
you a while to get this Moab um I was
actually like a couple away at one point
on one game and yeah I wasn't happy
because I died but anyway Oh physios
would I because I died anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed this
you guys next time bye bye